docs: add section about mocking methods inside the same file (#4611)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/guide/mocking.md

* All objects will be deeply cloned
* All instances of classes and their prototypes will be deeply cloned

### Mocking Pitfalls

Beware that it is not possible to mock calls to methods that are called inside other methods of the same file. For example, in this code:

```ts
export function foo() {
  return 'foo'
}

export function foobar() {
  return `${foo()}bar`
}
```

> It is not possible to mock `foo` method from the outside because it is referenced directly. So this code will have no effect on `foo` call inside `foobar` (but it will affect `foo` call in other modules):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not possible to mock the `foo` method from the outside because it is referenced directly. So this code will have no effect on the `foo` call inside `foobar` (but it will affect the `foo` call in other modules):
```

```ts
import { vi } from 'vitest'
import * as mod from './foobar.js'

// this will only affect "foo" outside of the original module
vi.spyOn(mod, 'foo')
vi.mock('./foobar.js', async (importOriginal) => {
  return {
    ...await importOriginal(),
    // this will only affect "foo" outside of the original module
    foo: () => 'mocked'
  }
})
```

You can confirm this behaviour by providing the implementation to the `foobar` method directly:

```ts
// foobar.test.js
import * as mod from './foobar.js'

vi.spyOn(mod, 'foo')

// exported foo references mocked method
mod.foobar(mod.foo)
```

```ts
// foobar.js
export function foo() {
  return 'foo'
}

export function foobar(injectedFoo) {
  return injectedFoo !== foo // false
}
```

> This is intended behaviour. It is usually a sign of bad code when mocking is involved in such manner. Consider refactoring your code into multiple files or improve your application architecture by using techniques such as [dependency injection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependency_injection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the intended behaviour. It is usually a sign of bad code when mocking is involved in such a manner. Consider refactoring your code into multiple files or improving your application architecture by using techniques such as [dependency injection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependency_injection).
```
